## What's this?

This file shows how common SystemVerilog operators are translated into logic gates.

## FAQ


### Insufficient width!

Your design is too small.

[16:35:48] ERROR    [PDN-0185] Insufficient width (13.92 um) to add straps on layer TopMetal1 in grid "stdcell_grid" with    openroad.py:285
                    total strap width 8.4 um and offset 13.6 um.
PDN-0185
Classic - Stage 21 - Generate PDN ━━━━━━━━━━╺━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━ 20/79 0:00:06
[16:35:48] WARNING  The following warnings were generated by the flow:                                                           flow.py:697
[16:35:48] WARNING  [Checker.LintWarnings] 3 Lint warnings found.                                                                flow.py:699
[16:35:48] WARNING  [OpenROAD.CheckSDCFiles] 'PNR_SDC_FILE' is not defined. Using generic fallback SDC for OpenROAD PnR steps.   flow.py:699
[16:35:48] WARNING  [OpenROAD.CheckSDCFiles] 'SIGNOFF_SDC_FILE' is not defined. Using generic fallback SDC for OpenROAD PnR      flow.py:699
                    steps.
[16:35:48] ERROR    The following error was encountered while running the flow:                                              __main__.py:187
                    OpenROAD.GeneratePDN failed with the following errors:
                    [PDN-0185] Insufficient width (13.92 um) to add straps on layer TopMetal1 in grid "stdcell_grid" with
                    total strap width 8.4 um and offset 13.6 um.
[16:35:48] ERROR    LibreLane will now quit.     


*Add just about anything.* 


### Remove obstructions failed.

Support for Async design is experimental and clearly not intended. However, you
might have some luck with passing a dead clock port or trying a just big-enough design in order
to squeeze through your design through CTS/PNR. (See: `adder.sv`)

`[3:0]` seems to be the magic (read: minimum) size for the design to complete checks.


### Klayout window is stuck

Click the "Restore Window" option.
